Include reference for authentication procedure in Testflinger Tutorial (#621)
canonical/testflinger: docs/tutorial/index.rst

Access to a Testflinger server is usually secured behind a firewall or with additional authentication and authorisation measures. Make sure that you have been granted the right access through your system administrator.

> For more information please check: :doc:`Authentication using Testflinger CLI <../how-to/authentication>`. 

Reviewer: Minor rephrasing, we tend to use "refer to ...". Also, if you use just the path, our doc build will automatically fill in the title of the document you are referencing.

```suggestion
For more information on authentication and authorisation, refer to :doc:`../how-to/authentication`. 
```

Author: Thanks for the recommendation! Modified the statement as per your suggestion
